---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_aws_static_access_credentials data source"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-datasource-aws-static-credentials"
description: |-
  Reads static role credentials from an AWS secret backend in Vault
---

# vault\_aws\_static\_credentials

Reads static role credentials from an AWS secret backend in Vault

~> **Important** All data retrieved from Vault will be
written in cleartext to state file generated by Terraform, will appear in
the console output when Terraform runs, and may be included in plan files
if secrets are interpolated into any resource attributes.
Protect these artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

~> **Note**
When using the outputs of this data source to authenticate with the [Terraform Provider for AWS](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs) or
the [Terraform Provider for AWS Cloud Control](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/awscc/latest/docs),
the credentials leased from Vault cannnot be renewed.
Ensure that the lease is long enough for Terraform to complete.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_aws_secret_backend" "aws" {
  path = "my-aws"
  description = "Obtain AWS credentials."
}

resource "vault_aws_secret_backend_static_role" "role" {
  backend = vault_aws_secret_backend.aws.path
  name = "test"
  username = "my-test-user"
  rotation_period = "3600"
}


# generally, these blocks would be in a different module
data "vault_aws_static_access_credentials" "creds" {
  backend = vault_aws_secret_backend.aws.path
  name    = vault_aws_secret_backend_static_role.role.role_name
}

provider "aws" {
  access_key = data.vault_aws_access_credentials.creds.access_key
  secret_key = data.vault_aws_access_credentials.creds.secret_key
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace to provision the resource in.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](/docs/providers/vault/index.html#namespace).
  *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `backend` - (Required) The path to the AWS secret backend to
read credentials from, with no leading or trailing `/`s.

* `name` - (Required) The name of the AWS secret backend static role to read
credentials from, with no leading or trailing `/`s.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `access_key` - The access key ID associated with the IAM credential.
 
* `secret_key` - The secret access key assoicated with the IAM credential.
