---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_generic_secret data source"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-datasource-generic-secret"
description: |-
  Reads arbitrary data from a given path in Vault
---

# vault\_generic\_secret

Reads arbitrary data from a given path in Vault.

This resource is primarily intended to be used with
[Vault's "generic" secret backend](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/generic/index.html),
but it is also compatible with any other Vault endpoint that supports
the `vault read` command.

~> **Important** All data retrieved from Vault will be
written in cleartext to state file generated by Terraform, will appear in
the console output when Terraform runs, and may be included in plan files
if secrets are interpolated into any resource attributes.
Protect these artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Example Usage

### Generic secret

```hcl
data "vault_generic_secret" "rundeck_auth" {
  path = "secret/rundeck_auth"
}

# Rundeck Provider, for example
# For this example, in Vault there is a key named "auth_token" and the value is the token we need to keep secret.
# In general usage, replace "auth_token" with the key you wish to extract from Vault. 

provider "rundeck" {
  url        = "http://rundeck.example.com/"
  auth_token = data.vault_generic_secret.rundeck_auth.data["auth_token"]
}
```

### KV 

For this example, consider `example` as a path for a KV engine.

```hcl
data "vault_generic_secret" "example_creds" {
  path = "example/creds"
}

data "template_file" "example_template" {
  template = file("./example.tmpl")
  vars = {
    username = data.vault_generic_secret.example_creds.data["username"]
    password = data.vault_generic_secret.example_creds.data["password"]
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace of the target resource.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](/docs/providers/vault/index.html#namespace).
  *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `path` - (Required) The full logical path from which to request data.
To read data from the "generic" secret backend mounted in Vault by
default, this should be prefixed with `secret/`. Reading from other backends
with this data source is possible; consult each backend's documentation
to see which endpoints support the `GET` method.

* `version` - The version of the secret to read. This is used by the
Vault KV secrets engine - version 2 to indicate which version of the secret
to read.

* `with_lease_start_time` - If set to true, stores `lease_start_time` in the TF state.
 Note that storing the `lease_start_time` in the TF state will cause a persistent drift
 on every `terraform plan` and will require a `terraform apply`.

## Required Vault Capabilities

Use of this resource requires the `read` capability on the given path.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `data_json` - A string containing the full data payload retrieved from
Vault, serialized in JSON format.

* `data` - A mapping whose keys are the top-level data keys returned from
Vault and whose values are the corresponding values. This map can only
represent string data, so any non-string values returned from Vault are
serialized as JSON.

* `lease_id` - The lease identifier assigned by Vault, if any.

* `lease_duration` - The duration of the secret lease, in seconds relative
to the time the data was requested. Once this time has passed any plan
generated with this data may fail to apply.

* `lease_start_time` - The date and time of Terraform execution.
It is derived from the local machine's clock, and is
recorded in RFC3339 format UTC.
This can be used to approximate the absolute time represented by
`lease_duration`, though users must allow for any clock drift and response
latency relative to the Vault server. _Provided only as a convenience_.

* `lease_renewable` - `true` if the lease can be renewed using Vault's
`sys/renew/{lease-id}` endpoint. Terraform does not currently support lease
renewal, and so it will request a new lease each time this data source is
refreshed.
