---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_generic_secret_item data source"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-datasource-generic-secret-item"
description: |-
  Reads key/value from a given path/key in Vault.
---

# vault\_generic\_secret\_item

Reads key/value from a given path/key in Vault.

This resource is primarily intended to be used with
[Vault's "generic" secret backend](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/generic/index.html),
but it is also compatible with any other Vault endpoint that supports
the `vault read` command.

~> **Important** All data retrieved from Vault will be
written in cleartext to state file generated by Terraform, will appear in
the console output when Terraform runs, and may be included in plan files
if secrets are interpolated into any resource attributes.
Protect these artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Example Usage

### Generic secret item

```hcl
data "vault_generic_secret_item" "rundeck_auth" {
  path = "secret/rundeck_auth"
  key  = "rundeck_token"
}

# Rundeck Provider, for example
# For this example, in Vault there is a key named "rundeck_token" and the value is the token we need to keep secret.

provider "rundeck" {
  url        = "http://rundeck.example.com/"
  auth_token = data.vault_generic_secret_item.rundeck_auth.value
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace of the target resource.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](/docs/providers/vault/index.html#namespace).
  *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `path` - (Required) The full logical path at which to write the given data.
  To write data into the "generic" secret backend mounted in Vault by default,
  this should be prefixed with `secret/`. Writing to other backends with this
  resource is possible; consult each backend's documentation to see which
  endpoints support the `PUT` and `DELETE` methods.

* `key` - (Required) String containing the name of the secret item to be read.

## Required Vault Capabilities

Use of this resource requires the `read` capability on the given path.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `key` - A string containing the name of the Vault item within the secret.

* `value` - A string containing the value of the Vault item within the secret.
