---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_identity_oidc_openid_config data source"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-datasource-identity-oidc-openid-config"
description: |-
  Reads OpenID Configuration from an OIDC Provider provisioned in Vault
---

# vault\_identity\_oidc\_client\_creds

Reads OpenID Configuration from an OIDC Provider provisioned in Vault.

~> **Important** All data retrieved from Vault will be
written in cleartext to state file generated by Terraform, will appear in
the console output when Terraform runs, and may be included in plan files
if secrets are interpolated into any resource attributes.
Protect these artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_identity_oidc_key" "key" {
  name               = "key"
  allowed_client_ids = ["*"]
  rotation_period    = 3600
  verification_ttl   = 3600
}

resource "vault_identity_oidc_client" "app" {
  name          = "application"
  key           = vault_identity_oidc_key.key.name
  redirect_uris = [
    "http://127.0.0.1:9200/v1/auth-methods/oidc:authenticate:callback",
    "http://127.0.0.1:8251/callback",
    "http://127.0.0.1:8080/callback"
  ]
  id_token_ttl     = 2400
  access_token_ttl = 7200
}

resource "vault_identity_oidc_provider" "provider" {
 name = "provider"
 allowed_client_ids = [
  vault_identity_oidc_client.test.client_id
 ]
}

data "vault_identity_oidc_openid_config" "config" {
  name = vault_identity_oidc_provider.provider.name
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace of the target resource.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](/docs/providers/vault/index.html#namespace).
  *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `name` - (Required) The name of the OIDC Provider in Vault.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `issuer` - The URL of the issuer for the provider.

* `jwks_uri` - The well known keys URI for the provider.

* `authorization_endpoint` - The Authorization Endpoint for the provider.

* `token_endpoint` - The Token Endpoint for the provider.

* `userinfo_endpoint` - The User Info Endpoint for the provider

* `request_uri_parameter_supported` - Specifies whether Request URI Parameter is 
  supported by the provider.

* `id_token_signing_alg_values_supported` - The signing algorithms supported by 
  the provider.

* `response_types_supported` - The response types supported by the provider.

* `scopes_supported` - The scopes supported by the provider.

* `grant_types_supported` - The grant types supported by the provider.

* `subject_types_supported` - The subject types supported by the provider.

* `token_endpoint_auth_methods_supported` - The token endpoint auth methods supported by the provider.
