---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_kv_secret_v2 data source"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-datasource-kv-secret-v2"
description: |-
 Reads a KV-V2 secret from a given path in Vault
---

# vault\_kv\_secret\_v2

Reads a KV-V2 secret from a given path in Vault.

This resource is primarily intended to be used with
[Vault's KV-V2 secret backend](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/kv/kv-v2).

~> **Important** All data retrieved from Vault will be
written in cleartext to state file generated by Terraform, will appear in
the console output when Terraform runs, and may be included in plan files
if secrets are interpolated into any resource attributes.
Protect these artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_mount" "kvv2" {
  path        = "kvv2"
  type        = "kv"
  options     = { version = "2" }
  description = "KV Version 2 secret engine mount"
}

resource "vault_kv_secret_v2" "example" {
  mount               = vault_mount.kvv2.path
  name                = "secret"
  cas                 = 1
  delete_all_versions = true
  data_json = jsonencode(
    {
      zip = "zap",
      foo = "bar"
    }
  )
}

data "vault_kv_secret_v2" "example" {
  mount = vault_mount.kvv2.path
  name  = vault_kv_secret_v2.example.name
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace of the target resource.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](/docs/providers/vault/index.html#namespace).
  *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `mount` - (Required) Path where KV-V2 engine is mounted.

* `name` - (Required) Full name of the secret. For a nested secret
  the name is the nested path excluding the mount and data
  prefix. For example, for a secret at `kvv2/data/foo/bar/baz`
  the name is `foo/bar/baz`.

* `version` - (Optional) Version of the secret to retrieve.

## Required Vault Capabilities

Use of this resource requires the `read` capability on the given path.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `path` - Full path where the KVV2 secret is written.

* `data` - A mapping whose keys are the top-level data keys returned from
  Vault and whose values are the corresponding values. This map can only
  represent string data, so any non-string values returned from Vault are
  serialized as JSON.

* `data_json` - JSON-encoded string that that is
  read as the secret data at the given path.

* `created_time` - Time at which secret was created.

* `custom_metadata` - Custom metadata for the secret.

* `deletion_time` - Deletion time for the secret.

* `destroyed` - Indicates whether the secret has been destroyed.

* `version` - Version of the secret.
