---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_kv_secret data source"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-datasource-kv-secret"
description: |-
 Reads a KV-V1 secret from a given path in Vault
---

# vault\_kv\_secret

Reads a KV-V1 secret from a given path in Vault.

For more information on Vault's KV-V1 secret backend 
[see here](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/kv/kv-v1).

~> **Important** All data retrieved from Vault will be
written in cleartext to state file generated by Terraform, will appear in
the console output when Terraform runs, and may be included in plan files
if secrets are interpolated into any resource attributes.
Protect these artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_mount" "kvv1" {
  path        = "kvv1"
  type        = "kv"
  options     = { version = "1" }
  description = "KV Version 1 secret engine mount"
}

resource "vault_kv_secret" "secret" {
  path = "${vault_mount.kvv1.path}/secret"
  data_json = jsonencode(
  {
    zip = "zap",
    foo = "bar"
  }
  )
}

data "vault_kv_secret" "secret_data" {
  path = vault_kv_secret.secret.path
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace of the target resource.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](/docs/providers/vault/index.html#namespace).
  *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `path` - (Required) Full path of the KV-V1 secret.

## Required Vault Capabilities

Use of this resource requires the `read` capability on the given path.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `data` - A mapping whose keys are the top-level data keys returned from
  Vault and whose values are the corresponding values. This map can only
  represent string data, so any non-string values returned from Vault are
  serialized as JSON.

* `data_json` - JSON-encoded string that that is
  read as the secret data at the given path.

* `lease_id` - The lease identifier assigned by Vault, if any.

* `lease_duration` - The duration of the secret lease, in seconds. Once 
  this time has passed any plan generated with this data may fail to apply.

* `lease_renewable` - True if the duration of this lease can be extended 
  through renewal.
