---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_ldap_static_credentials data source"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-datasource-ldap-static_credentials"
description: |-
  Reads static role credentials from an LDAP secret backend in Vault
---

# vault\_ldap\_static\_credentials

Reads static role credentials from an LDAP secret backend in Vault

~> **Important** All data retrieved from Vault will be
written in cleartext to state file generated by Terraform, will appear in
the console output when Terraform runs, and may be included in plan files
if secrets are interpolated into any resource attributes.
Protect these artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_ldap_secret_backend" "test" {
  binddn                    = "..."
  bindpass                  = "..."
  url                       = "..."
}

resource "vault_ldap_secret_backend_static_role" "role" {
  mount            = vault_ldap_secret_backend.test.path
  username        = "alice"
  role_name       = "alice"
  rotation_period = 60
}

data "vault_ldap_static_credentials" "creds" {
  mount     = vault_ldap_secret_backend.test.path
  role_name = vault_ldap_secret_backend_static_role.role.role_name
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace of the target resource.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](/docs/providers/vault#namespace).
  *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `mount` - (Required) The path to the LDAP secret backend to
read credentials from, with no leading or trailing `/`s.

* `role_name` - (Required) The name of the LDAP secret backend static role to read
credentials from, with no leading or trailing `/`s.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `dn` - Distinguished name (DN) of the existing LDAP entry to manage password rotation for.

* `last_vault_rotation` - Last time Vault rotated this static role's password.

* `password` - The current set password for the static role.
 
* `last_password` - The last known password for the static role.

* `rotation_period` - How often Vault should rotate the password of the user entry.
 
* `ttl` - Duration in seconds after which the issued credential should expire.
 
* `username` - The name of the static role.
