---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_ldap_dynamic_credentials data source"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-datasource-ldap-dynamic_credentials"
description: |-
   Reads dynamic role credentials from an LDAP secret backend in Vault
---

# vault\_ldap\_dynamic\_credentials

Reads dynamic role credentials from an LDAP secret backend in Vault

~> **Important** All data retrieved from Vault will be
written in cleartext to state file generated by Terraform, will appear in
the console output when Terraform runs, and may be included in plan files
if secrets are interpolated into any resource attributes.
Protect these artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_ldap_secret_backend" "test" {
  binddn                    = "..."
  bindpass                  = "..."
  url                       = "..."
}

resource "vault_ldap_secret_backend_dynamic_role" "role" {
  mount         = vault_ldap_secret_backend.test.path
  role_name     = "%s"
  creation_ldif = <<EOT
dn: cn={{.Username}},ou=users,dc=example,dc=org
objectClass: person
objectClass: top
cn: learn
sn: {{.Password | utf16le | base64}}
userPassword: {{.Password}}
EOT
  deletion_ldif = <<EOT
dn: cn={{.Username}},ou=users,dc=example,dc=org
changetype: delete
EOT
  rollback_ldif = <<EOT
dn: cn={{.Username}},ou=users,dc=example,dc=org
changetype: delete
EOT
  default_ttl   = "60s"
  max_ttl       = "60s"
}

data "vault_ldap_dynamic_credentials" "creds" {
  mount     = vault_ldap_secret_backend.test.path
  role_name = vault_ldap_secret_backend_dynamic_role.role.role_name
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace of the target resource.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](/docs/providers/vault/index.html#namespace).
  *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `mount` - (Required) The path to the LDAP secret backend to
  read credentials from, with no leading or trailing `/`s.

* `role_name` - (Required) The name of the LDAP secret backend dynamic role to read
  credentials from, with no leading or trailing `/`s.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `lease_id` - The lease identifier assigned by Vault.

* `lease_duration` - The duration of the secret lease, in seconds relative
  to the time the data was requested. 
 
* `lease_renewable` - True if the duration of this lease can be extended
  through renewal.

* `distinguished_names` - List of the distinguished names (DN) created. Each name in this list 
  corresponds to each action taken within the creation_ldif statements. 
  This does not de-duplicate entries, so this will have one entry for each
  LDIF statement within creation_ldif. 

* `password` - The password for the dynamic role.
 
* `username` - The username of the generated account.
