---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_pki_secret_backend_config_est data source"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-datasource-pki-secret-backend-config-est"
description: |-
 Reads the PKI EST configuration from Vault Enterprise. 
---

# vault\_pki\_secret\_backend\_config\_est

Reads the PKI EST configuration from Vault Enterprise.

~> **Important** All data retrieved from Vault will be
written in cleartext to state file generated by Terraform, will appear in
the console output when Terraform runs, and may be included in plan files
if secrets are interpolated into any resource attributes.
Protect these artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_mount" "pki" {
  path        = "pki"
  type        = "pki"
  description = "PKI secret engine mount"
}

data "vault_pki_secret_backend_config_est" "est_config" {
  backend     = vault_mount.pki.path
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace of the target resource.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](/docs/providers/vault/index.html#namespace).
  *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `backend` - (Required) The path to the PKI secret backend to
  read the EST configuration from, with no leading or trailing `/`s.
 
## Attributes Reference

* `authenticators` - Lists the mount accessors EST should delegate authentication requests towards (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authenticators)).
 
* `default_mount` -  If set, this mount is registered as the default `.well-known/est` URL path. Only a single mount can enable this across a Vault cluster.
 
* `default_path_policy` - Required to be set if default_mount is enabled. Specifies the behavior for requests using the default EST label. Can be sign-verbatim or a role given by role:<role_name>.
 
* `enable_sentinel_parsing` - If set, parse out fields from the provided CSR making them available for Sentinel policies.

* `enabled` - Specifies whether EST is enabled.
 
* `label_to_path_policy` - A pairing of an EST label with the redirected behavior for requests hitting that role. The path policy can be sign-verbatim or a role given by role:<role_name>. Labels must be unique across Vault cluster, and will register .well-known/est/<label> URL paths.
 
* `audit_fields` - Fields parsed from the CSR that appear in the audit and can be used by sentinel policies.
 
* `last_updated` - A read-only timestamp representing the last time the configuration was updated.

<a id="nestedatt--authenticators"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authenticators`

* `cert` - The accessor and cert_role properties for cert auth backends.
 
* `userpass` - The accessor property for user pass auth backends.
