---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_pki_secret_backend_issuer data source"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-datasource-pki-secret-backend-issuer"
description: |-
  Reads issuer data from Vault.
---

# vault\_pki\_secret\_backend\_issuer

Reads issuer data from Vault.

~> **Important** All data retrieved from Vault will be
written in cleartext to state file generated by Terraform, will appear in
the console output when Terraform runs, and may be included in plan files
if secrets are interpolated into any resource attributes.
Protect these artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_mount" "pki" {
  path        = "pki"
  type        = "pki"
  description = "PKI secret engine mount"
}

resource "vault_pki_secret_backend_root_cert" "root" {
  backend     = vault_mount.pki.path
  type        = "internal"
  common_name = "example"
  ttl         = "86400"
  issuer_name = "example"
}

data "vault_pki_secret_backend_issuer" "example" {
  backend     = vault_pki_secret_backend_root_cert.root.path
  issuer_ref  = vault_pki_secret_backend_root_cert.root.issuer_id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace of the target resource.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](/docs/providers/vault/index.html#namespace).
  *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `backend` - (Required) The path to the PKI secret backend to
  read the issuer from, with no leading or trailing `/`s.

* `issuer_ref` - (Required) Reference to an existing issuer.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `issuer_name` - Name of the issuer.

* `issuer_id` - ID of the issuer.

* `key_id` - ID of the key used by the issuer.

* `certificate` - Certificate associated with this issuer.

* `ca_chain` - The CA chain as a list of format specific certificates.

* `leaf_not_after_behavior` - Behavior of a leaf's NotAfter field during issuance.

* `manual_chain` - Chain of issuer references to build this issuer's computed 
  CAChain field from, when non-empty.

* `usage` - Allowed usages for this issuer.
