---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_aws_secret_backend_static_role resource"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-resource-aws-secret-backend-static-role"
description: |-
  Creates a static role for the AWS secret backend for Vault.
---

# vault\_aws\_secret\_backend\_static\_role

Creates a static role for AWS Secret Backend for Vault.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Example Usage

```hcl

resource "vault_aws_secret_backend" "aws" {
  path = "my-aws"
  description = "Obtain AWS credentials."
}

resource "vault_aws_secret_backend_static_role" "role" {
  backend = vault_aws_secret_backend.aws.path
  name = "test"
  username = "my-test-user"
  rotation_period = "3600"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace to provision the resource in.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](/docs/providers/vault/index.html#namespace).
  *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `backend` - (Optional) The unique path this backend should be mounted at. Must
  not begin or end with a `/`. Defaults to `aws`

* `name` - (Required) The name to identify this role within the backend.
  Must be unique within the backend.

* `username` - (Required) The username of the existing AWS IAM to manage password rotation for.

* `rotation_period` - (Required) How often Vault should rotate the password of the user entry.

## Attributes Reference

No additional attributes are exported by this resource.

## Import

AWS secret backend static role can be imported using the full path to the role
of the form: `<mount_path>/static-roles/<role_name>` e.g.

```
$ terraform import vault_aws_secret_backend_static_role.role aws/static-roles/example-role
```
