---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_aws_secret_backend_role resource"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-resource-aws-secret-backend-role"
description: |-
  Creates a role on an AWS Secret Backend for Vault.
---

# vault\_aws\_secret\_backend\_role

Creates a role on an AWS Secret Backend for Vault. Roles are
used to map credentials to the policies that generated them.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_aws_secret_backend" "aws" {
  access_key = "AKIA....."
  secret_key = "AWS secret key"
}

resource "vault_aws_secret_backend_role" "role" {
  backend = vault_aws_secret_backend.aws.path
  name    = "deploy"
  credential_type = "iam_user"

  policy_document = <<EOT
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Action": "iam:*",
      "Resource": "*"
    }
  ]
}
EOT
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace to provision the resource in.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](/docs/providers/vault/index.html#namespace).
   *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `backend` - (Required) The path the AWS secret backend is mounted at,
  with no leading or trailing `/`s.

* `name` - (Required) The name to identify this role within the backend.
  Must be unique within the backend.

* `credential_type` - (Required) Specifies the type of credential to be used when
  retrieving credentials from the role. Must be one of `iam_user`, `assumed_role`, or
  `federation_token`.

* `role_arns` - (Optional) Specifies the ARNs of the AWS roles this Vault role
  is allowed to assume. Required when `credential_type` is `assumed_role` and
  prohibited otherwise.

* `policy_arns` - (Optional) Specifies a list of AWS managed policy ARNs. The
  behavior depends on the credential type. With `iam_user`, the policies will be
  attached to IAM users when they are requested. With `assumed_role` and
  `federation_token`, the policy ARNs will act as a filter on what the credentials
  can do, similar to `policy_document`. When `credential_type` is `iam_user` or
  `federation_token`, at least one of `policy_document` or `policy_arns` must
  be specified.

* `policy_document` - (Optional) The IAM policy document for the role. The
  behavior depends on the credential type. With `iam_user`, the policy document
  will be attached to the IAM user generated and augment the permissions the IAM
  user has. With `assumed_role` and `federation_token`, the policy document will
  act as a filter on what the credentials can do, similar to `policy_arns`.

* `iam_groups` (Optional) - A list of IAM group names. IAM users generated
  against this vault role will be added to these IAM Groups. For a credential
  type of `assumed_role` or `federation_token`, the policies sent to the
  corresponding AWS call (sts:AssumeRole or sts:GetFederation) will be the
  policies from each group in `iam_groups` combined with the `policy_document`
  and `policy_arns` parameters.

* `iam_tags` (Optional) - A map of strings representing key/value pairs
  to be used as tags for any IAM user that is created by this role.

* `session_tags` (Optional) - A map of strings representing key/value pairs to be set
  during assume role creds creation. Valid only when `credential_type` is set to 
  `assumed_role`.

* `external_id` (Optional) - External ID to set for assume role creds. 
  Valid only when `credential_type` is set to `assumed_role`.

* `default_sts_ttl` - (Optional) The default TTL in seconds for STS credentials.
  When a TTL is not specified when STS credentials are requested,
  and a default TTL is specified on the role,
  then this default TTL will be used. Valid only when `credential_type` is one of
  `assumed_role` or `federation_token`.

* `max_sts_ttl` - (Optional) The max allowed TTL in seconds for STS credentials
  (credentials TTL are capped to `max_sts_ttl`). Valid only when `credential_type` is
  one of `assumed_role` or `federation_token`.

* `user_path` - (Optional) The path for the user name. Valid only when 
`credential_type` is `iam_user`. Default is `/`.

* `permissions_boundary_arn` - (Optional) The ARN of the AWS Permissions 
Boundary to attach to IAM users created in the role. Valid only when 
`credential_type` is `iam_user`. If not specified, then no permissions boundary 
policy will be attached.

* `mfa_serial_number` - (Optional) The ARN or hardware device number of the device configured to the IAM user for multi-factor authentication. Only required if the IAM user has an MFA device set up in AWS.

## Attributes Reference

No additional attributes are exported by this resource.

## Import

AWS secret backend roles can be imported using the `path`, e.g.

```
$ terraform import vault_aws_secret_backend_role.role aws/roles/deploy
```
