---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_aws_secret_backend resource"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-resource-aws-secret-backend"
description: |-
  Creates an AWS secret backend for Vault.
---

# vault\_aws\_secret\_backend

Creates an AWS Backend for Vault. AWS secret backends can then issue
AWS access keys and secret keys, once a role has been added to the
backend.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_aws_secret_backend" "aws" {
  access_key = "AKIA....."
  secret_key = "AWS secret key"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `access_key` - (Required) The AWS Access Key ID this backend should use to
issue new credentials.

* `secret_key` - (Required) The AWS Secret Key this backend should use to
issue new credentials.

~> **Important** Because Vault does not support reading the configured
credentials back from the API, Terraform cannot detect and correct drift
on `access_key` or `secret_key`. Changing the values, however, _will_
overwrite the previously stored values.

* `region` - (Optional) The AWS region for API calls. Defaults to `us-east-1`.

* `path` - (Optional) The unique path this backend should be mounted at. Must
not begin or end with a `/`. Defaults to `aws`.

* `description` - (Optional) A human-friendly description for this backend.

* `default_lease_ttl_seconds` - (Optional) The default TTL for credentials
issued by this backend.

* `max_lease_ttl_seconds` - (Optional) The maximum TTL that can be requested
for credentials issued by this backend.

## Attributes Reference

No additional attributes are exported by this resource.
