---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_azure_secret_backend_static_role resource"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-resource-azure-secret-backend-static-role"
description: |-
  Creates an azure secret backend static role for Vault.
---

# vault\_azure\_secret\_backend\_static\_role

Manages a static role in the Azure Secrets Engine.  
Static roles in Vault are linked to existing Azure AD applications, and manage long-lived credentials for those applications.

Unlike dynamic roles, static roles do not generate new service principals — they manage a fixed application and rotate or import its credentials as needed.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_azure_secret_backend" "azure" {
  subscription_id = var.subscription_id
  tenant_id       = var.tenant_id
  client_secret   = var.client_secret
  client_id       = var.client_id
}

resource "vault_azure_secret_backend_static_role" "static-role" {
  backend               = vault_azure_secret_backend.azure.path
  role                  = "static-role"
  application_object_id = "11111111-2222-3333-4444-44444444444"
  ttl                   = "8760h"

  metadata = {
    team  = "test"
    owner = "vault"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `role` - (Required) Name of the static role to create or manage.
* `backend` - (Required) Path where the Azure Secrets Engine is mounted.
* `application_object_id` - (Required) The Azure AD Application Object ID associated with the existing application whose credentials Vault will manage.
* `ttl` – (Optional) Duration that defines the validity period of the managed credential. Defaults to 2 years. Must be at least 1 year.
  Accepts an integer number of seconds (31536000). Defaults to the system/engine default TTL time.
* `metadata` – (Optional) A map of string key-value pairs that are stored alongside the role and returned with generated credentials.
* `secret_id` - (Optional) When importing an existing credential, specifies the Azure secret’s key ID.
* `client_secret` - (Optional, Sensitive) When importing an existing credential, provides the existing client secret value.
* `expiration` - (Optional) - Expiration timestamp (UTC, RFC3339 format) of the existing credential being imported. If not set, Vault uses the value provided by Azure.
* `skip_import_rotation` - (Optional, Bool) - If true, Vault will import the provided credential without performing rotation. Valid only during creation. Defaults to `false`.

## Attributes Reference

No additional attributes are exported by this resource.
