---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_database_secret_backend_role resource"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-resource-database-secret-backend-role"
description: |-
  Configures a database secret backend role for Vault.
---

# vault\_database\_secret\_backend\_role

Creates a Database Secret Backend role in Vault. Database secret backend
roles can be used to generate dynamic credentials for the database.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_mount" "db" {
  path = "postgres"
  type = "database"
}

resource "vault_database_secret_backend_connection" "postgres" {
  backend       = vault_mount.db.path
  name          = "postgres"
  allowed_roles = ["dev", "prod"]

  postgresql {
    connection_url = "postgres://username:password@host:port/database"
  }
}

resource "vault_database_secret_backend_role" "role" {
  backend             = vault_mount.db.path
  name                = "dev"
  db_name             = vault_database_secret_backend_connection.postgres.name
  creation_statements = ["CREATE ROLE \"{{name}}\" WITH LOGIN PASSWORD '{{password}}' VALID UNTIL '{{expiration}}';"]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace to provision the resource in.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](../index.html#namespace).
   *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `name` - (Required) A unique name to give the role.

* `backend` - (Required) The unique name of the Vault mount to configure.

* `db_name` - (Required) The unique name of the database connection to use for
  the role.

* `creation_statements` - (Required) The database statements to execute when
  creating a user.

* `revocation_statements` - (Optional) The database statements to execute when
  revoking a user.

* `rollback_statements` - (Optional) The database statements to execute when
  rolling back creation due to an error.

* `renew_statements` - (Optional) The database statements to execute when
  renewing a user.

* `default_ttl` - (Optional) The default number of seconds for leases for this
  role.

* `max_ttl` - (Optional) The maximum number of seconds for leases for this
  role.

* `credential_type` (Optional) – Specifies the type of credential that
  will be generated for the role. Options include: `password`, `rsa_private_key`, `client_certificate`.
  See the plugin's API page for credential types supported by individual databases.

* `credential_config` (Optional) – Specifies the configuration
  for the given `credential_type`.

  The following options are available for each `credential_type` value:

  * `password`
      * `password_policy` (Optional) - The [policy](/vault/docs/concepts/password-policies)
        used for password generation. If not provided, defaults to the password policy of the
        database [configuration](/vault/api-docs/secret/databases#password_policy).

  * `rsa_private_key`
      * `key_bits` (Optional) - The bit size of the RSA key to generate. Options include:
        `2048`, `3072`, `4096`.
      * `format` (Optional) - The output format of the generated private key
        credential. The private key will be returned from the API in PEM encoding. Options
        include: `pkcs8`.

  * `client_certificate`
      * `common_name_template` (Optional) - A [username template](/vault/docs/concepts/username-templating)
        to be used for the client certificate common name.
      * `ca_cert` (Optional) - The PEM-encoded CA certificate.
      * `ca_private_key` (Optional) - The PEM-encoded private key for the given `ca_cert`.
      * `key_type` (Required) - Specifies the desired key type. Options include:
        `rsa`, `ed25519`, `ec`.
      * `key_bits` (Optional) - Number of bits to use for the generated keys. Options include:
        `2048` (default), `3072`, `4096`; with `key_type=ec`, allowed values are: `224`, `256` (default),
        `384`, `521`; ignored with `key_type=ed25519`.
      * `signature_bits` (Optional) - The number of bits to use in the signature algorithm. Options include:
        `256` (default), `384`, `512`.

## Attributes Reference

No additional attributes are exported by this resource.

## Import

Database secret backend roles can be imported using the `backend`, `/roles/`, and the `name` e.g.

```
$ terraform import vault_database_secret_backend_role.example postgres/roles/my-role
```
