---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_gcp_secret_backend resource"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-resource-gcp-secret-backend"
description: |-
  Creates an GCP secret backend for Vault.
---

# vault\_gcp\_secret\_backend

Creates an GCP Secret Backend for Vault. GCP secret backends can then issue GCP
OAuth token or Service Account keys, once a role has been added to the backend.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Example Usage
You can setup the GCP secret backend with Workload Identity Federation (WIF) for a secret-less configuration:
```hcl
resource "vault_gcp_secret_backend" "gcp" {
  identity_token_key      = "example-key"
  identity_token_ttl      = 1800
  identity_token_audience = "<TOKEN_AUDIENCE>"
  service_account_email   = "<SERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL>"
  rotation_schedule       = "0 * * * SAT"
  rotation_window         = 3600
}
```

```hcl
resource "vault_gcp_secret_backend" "gcp" {
  credentials       = file("credentials.json")
  rotation_schedule = "0 * * * SAT"
  rotation_window   = 3600
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace to provision the resource in.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](/docs/providers/vault/index.html#namespace).
   *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `credentials` - (Optional) The GCP service account credentials in JSON format.

~> **Important** Because Vault does not support reading the configured
credentials back from the API, Terraform cannot detect and correct drift
on `credentials`. Changing the values, however, _will_ overwrite the
previously stored values.

* `path` - (Optional) The unique path this backend should be mounted at. Must
not begin or end with a `/`. Defaults to `gcp`.

* `disable_remount` - (Optional) If set, opts out of mount migration on path updates.
  See here for more info on [Mount Migration](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/concepts/mount-migration)

* `service_account_email` – (Optional) Service Account to impersonate for plugin workload identity federation.
  Required with `identity_token_audience`. Requires Vault 1.17+. *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `identity_token_audience` - (Optional) The audience claim value for plugin identity
  tokens. Must match an allowed audience configured for the target [Workload Identity Pool](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/workload-identity-federation-with-other-providers#prepare).
  Mutually exclusive with `credentials`.  Requires Vault 1.17+. *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `identity_token_ttl` - (Optional) The TTL of generated tokens. Defaults to
  1 hour. Uses [duration format strings](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/concepts/duration-format).
  Requires Vault 1.17+. *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `rotation_period` - (Optional) The amount of time in seconds Vault should wait before rotating the root credential.
  A zero value tells Vault not to rotate the root credential. The minimum rotation period is 10 seconds. Requires Vault Enterprise 1.19+.
  *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `rotation_schedule` - (Optional) The schedule, in [cron-style time format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron),
  defining the schedule on which Vault should rotate the root token. Requires Vault Enterprise 1.19+. *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `rotation_window` - (Optional) The maximum amount of time in seconds allowed to complete
  a rotation when a scheduled token rotation occurs. The default rotation window is
  unbound and the minimum allowable window is `3600`. Requires Vault Enterprise 1.19+. *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `disable_automated_rotation` - (Optional) Cancels all upcoming rotations of the root credential until unset. Requires Vault Enterprise 1.19+.
  *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `credentials_wo_version` - (Optional)  The version of the `credentials_wo`. For more info see [updating write-only attributes](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/vault/latest/docs/guides/using_write_only_attributes.html#updating-write-only-attributes).

### Common Mount Arguments
These arguments are common across all resources that mount a secret engine.

* `description` - (Optional) Human-friendly description of the mount

* `default_lease_ttl_seconds` - (Optional) Default lease duration for tokens and secrets in seconds

* `max_lease_ttl_seconds` - (Optional) Maximum possible lease duration for tokens and secrets in seconds

* `audit_non_hmac_response_keys` - (Optional) Specifies the list of keys that will not be HMAC'd by audit devices in the response data object.

* `audit_non_hmac_request_keys` - (Optional) Specifies the list of keys that will not be HMAC'd by audit devices in the request data object.

* `local` - (Optional) Boolean flag that can be explicitly set to true to enforce local mount in HA environment

* `options` - (Optional) Specifies mount type specific options that are passed to the backend

* `seal_wrap` - (Optional) Boolean flag that can be explicitly set to true to enable seal wrapping for the mount, causing values stored by the mount to be wrapped by the seal's encryption capability

* `external_entropy_access` - (Optional) Boolean flag that can be explicitly set to true to enable the secrets engine to access Vault's external entropy source

* `allowed_managed_keys` - (Optional) Set of managed key registry entry names that the mount in question is allowed to access

* `listing_visibility` - (Optional) Specifies whether to show this mount in the UI-specific
  listing endpoint. Valid values are `unauth` or `hidden`. If not set, behaves like `hidden`.

* `passthrough_request_headers` - (Optional) List of headers to allow and pass from the request to
  the plugin.

* `allowed_response_headers` - (Optional) List of headers to allow, allowing a plugin to include
  them in the response.

* `delegated_auth_accessors` - (Optional)  List of allowed authentication mount accessors the
  backend can request delegated authentication for.

* `plugin_version` - (Optional) Specifies the semantic version of the plugin to use, e.g. "v1.0.0".
  If unspecified, the server will select any matching unversioned plugin that may have been
  registered, the latest versioned plugin registered, or a built-in plugin in that order of precedence.

* `identity_token_key` - (Optional)  The key to use for signing plugin workload identity tokens. If
  not provided, this will default to Vault's OIDC default key. Requires Vault Enterprise 1.16+.

## Ephemeral Attributes Reference

The following write-only attributes are supported:

* `credentials_wo` - (Optional) The GCP service account credentials in JSON format. Can be updated.
  **Note**: This property is write-only and will not be read from the API.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `accessor` - The accessor of the created GCP mount.
