---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_generic_secret_item resource"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-resource-generic-secret-item"
description: |-
  This resource writes key/value entries on a secret in Vault's "generic" secret backend.
---

# vault\_generic\_secret\_item

Writes and manages secret items stored in
[Vault's "generic" secret backend](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/generic/index.html)

This resource is primarily intended to be used with both v1 and v2 of
[Vault's "generic" secret backend](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/generic/index.html).
While it is also compatible, with some limitations, with other Vault
endpoints that support the `vault write` command to create and the
`vault delete` command to delete, see also
the [generic endpoint resource](generic_endpoint.html) for a more
flexible way to manage arbitrary data.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_generic_secret_item" "example" {
  path  = "secret/foo"
  key   = "foo"
  value = "bar"
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace to provision the resource in.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](/docs/providers/vault/index.html#namespace).
   *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `path` - (Required) The full logical path at which to write the given data.
  To write data into the "generic" secret backend mounted in Vault by default,
  this should be prefixed with `secret/`. Writing to other backends with this
  resource is possible; consult each backend's documentation to see which
  endpoints support the `PUT` and `DELETE` methods.

* `key` - (Required) String containing the name of the secret item to be written.

* `value` - (Required) String with the content of the secret item to be written.

## Required Vault Capabilities

Use of this resource requires the `create` or `update` capability
(depending on whether the resource already exists) on the given path,
the `delete` capability if the resource is removed from configuration,
and the `read` capability for drift detection (by default).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `key` - A string containing the name of the Vault item within the secret.

* `value` - A string containing the value of the Vault item within the secret.
