---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_generic_secret resource"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-resource-generic-secret"
description: |-
  Writes arbitrary data to a given path in Vault
---

# vault\_generic\_secret

Writes and manages secrets stored in
[Vault's "generic" secret backend](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/generic/index.html)

This resource is primarily intended to be used with both v1 and v2 of
[Vault's "generic" secret backend](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/generic/index.html).
While it is also compatible, with some limitations, with other Vault
endpoints that support the `vault write` command to create and the
`vault delete` command to delete, see also
the [generic endpoint resource](generic_endpoint.html) for a more
flexible way to manage arbitrary data.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_generic_secret" "example" {
  path = "secret/foo"

  data_json = <<EOT
{
  "foo":   "bar",
  "pizza": "cheese"
}
EOT
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `path` - (Required) The full logical path at which to write the given data.
  To write data into the "generic" secret backend mounted in Vault by default,
  this should be prefixed with `secret/`. Writing to other backends with this
  resource is possible; consult each backend's documentation to see which
  endpoints support the `PUT` and `DELETE` methods.

* `data_json` - (Required) String containing a JSON-encoded object that will be
  written as the secret data at the given path.

* `disable_read` - (Optional) True/false. Set this to true if your vault
  authentication is not able to read the data. Setting this to `true` will
  break drift detection. Defaults to false.

## Required Vault Capabilities

Use of this resource requires the `create` or `update` capability
(depending on whether the resource already exists) on the given path,
the `delete` capability if the resource is removed from configuration,
and the `read` capability for drift detection (by default).

### Drift Detection

This resource does not necessarily need to *read* the secret data back from
Terraform on refresh. To avoid the need for `read` access on the given path
set the `disable_read` argument to `true`. This means that Terraform *will not*
be able to detect and repair "drift" on this resource,
should the data be updated or deleted outside of Terraform.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the above:

* `data` - A mapping whose keys are the top-level data keys returned from
Vault and whose values are the corresponding values. This map can only
represent string data, so any non-string values returned from Vault are
serialized as JSON.

## Import

Generic secrets can be imported using the `path`, e.g.

```
$ terraform import vault_generic_secret.example secret/foo
```
