---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_ldap_secret_backend_static_role resource"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-resource-ldap-secret-backend-static-role"
description: |-
  Creates a static role for the LDAP secret backend for Vault.
---

# vault\_ldap\_secret\_backend\_static\_role

Creates a static role for LDAP Secret Backend for Vault.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Example Usage

```hcl

resource "vault_ldap_secret_backend" "config" {
  path          = "my-custom-ldap"
  binddn        = "CN=Administrator,CN=Users,DC=corp,DC=example,DC=net"
  bindpass      = "SuperSecretPassw0rd"
  url           = "ldaps://localhost"
  insecure_tls  = "true"
  userdn        = "CN=Users,DC=corp,DC=example,DC=net"
}

resource "vault_ldap_secret_backend_static_role" "role" {
  mount           = vault_ldap_secret_backend.config.path
  username        = "alice"
  dn              = "cn=alice,ou=Users,DC=corp,DC=example,DC=net"
  role_name       = "alice"
  rotation_period = 60
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace to provision the resource in.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](/docs/providers/vault/index.html#namespace).
  *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `mount` - (Optional) The unique path this backend should be mounted at. Must
  not begin or end with a `/`. Defaults to `ldap`.

* `role_name` - (Required) Name of the role.

* `username` - (Required) The username of the existing LDAP entry to manage password rotation for.

* `dn` - (Optional) Distinguished name (DN) of the existing LDAP entry to manage
  password rotation for. If given, it will take precedence over `username` for the LDAP
  search performed during password rotation. Cannot be modified after creation.

* `skip_import_rotation` - (Optional) Causes vault to skip the initial secret rotation on import. Not applicable to updates.
  Requires Vault 1.16 or above.

* `rotation_period` - (Optional) The amount of time in seconds Vault should wait before rotating the static credential.
  A zero value tells Vault not to rotate the credential. The minimum rotation period is 10 seconds. Requires Vault Enterprise 2.0+.

* `rotation_schedule` - (Optional) The schedule, in [cron-style time format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron),
  defining the schedule on which Vault should rotate the static credential. Requires Vault Enterprise 2.0+.

* `rotation_window` - (Optional) The maximum amount of time in seconds allowed to complete
  a rotation when a scheduled rotation occurs. The default rotation window is
  unbound and the minimum allowable window is `3600`. Requires Vault Enterprise 2.0+.

* `rotation_policy` - (Optional) The rotation policy to use for this credential. Requires Vault Enterprise 2.0+.

* `disable_automated_rotation` - (Optional) Cancels all upcoming rotations of the static credential until unset. Requires Vault Enterprise 2.0+.

* `password_wo_version` - (Optional) The version of the `password_wo`. For more info see [updating write-only attributes](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/vault/latest/docs/guides/using_write_only_attributes.html#updating-write-only-attributes).
  Requires Vault Enterprise 2.0+.

## Ephemeral Attributes Reference
* `password_wo` - (Optional) The password for the user. Can be updated.
  **Note**: This property is write-only and will not be read from the API.
  Requires Vault Enterprise 2.0+.

## Attributes Reference

No additional attributes are exported by this resource.

## Import

LDAP secret backend static role can be imported using the full path to the role
of the form: `<mount_path>/static-role/<role_name>` e.g.

```
$ terraform import vault_ldap_secret_backend_static_role.role ldap/static-role/example-role
```
