---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_mongodbatlas_secret_role resource"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-resource-mongodbatlas-secret-role"
description: |-
  Creates a role for the MongoDB Atlas Secret Engine in Vault.
---

# vault\_mongodbatlas\_secret\_role

Creates a role for the MongoDB Atlas Secret Engine for Vault.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_mount" "mongo" {
  path        = "%s"
  type        = "mongodbatlas"
  description = "MongoDB Atlas secret engine mount"
}

resource "vault_mongodbatlas_secret_backend" "config" {
  mount        = vault_mount.mongo.path
  private_key  = "privateKey"
  public_key   = "publicKey"
}

resource "vault_mongodbatlas_secret_role" "role" {
  mount             = vault_mount.mongo.path
  name              = "tf-test-role"
  organization_id   = "7cf5a45a9ccf6400e60981b7"
  project_id        = "5cf5a45a9ccf6400e60981b6"
  roles             = "ORG_READ_ONLY"
  ip_addresses      = "192.168.1.5, 192.168.1.6"
  cidr_blocks       = "192.168.1.3/35"
  project_roles     = "GROUP_READ_ONLY"
  ttl               = "60"
  max_ttl           = "120"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace to provision the resource in.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](/docs/providers/vault#namespace).
  *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `mount` - (Required) Path where the MongoDB Atlas Secrets Engine is mounted.

* `name` - (Required) The name of the role.

* `organization_id` - (Optional) Unique identifier for the organization to which the target API Key belongs. 
  Required if `project_id` is not set.

* `project_id` - (Optional) Unique identifier for the project to which the target API Key belongs.
  Required if `organization_id` is not set.

* `roles` - (Required) List of roles that the API Key needs to have. Possible values are `ORG_OWNER`, `ORG_MEMBER`, `ORG_GROUP_CREATOR`, `ORG_BILLING_ADMIN` and `ORG_READ_ONLY`.

* `ip_addresses` - (Optional) IP address to be added to the whitelist for the API key.

* `cidr_blocks` - (Optional) Whitelist entry in CIDR notation to be added for the API key.

* `project_roles` - (Optional) Roles assigned when an org API key is assigned to a project API key. Possible values are `GROUP_CLUSTER_MANAGER`, `GROUP_DATA_ACCESS_ADMIN`, `GROUP_DATA_ACCESS_READ_ONLY`, `GROUP_DATA_ACCESS_READ_WRITE`, `GROUP_OWNER` and `GROUP_READ_ONLY`. 

* `ttl` - (Optional) Duration in seconds after which the issued credential should expire.

* `max_ttl` - (Optional) The maximum allowed lifetime of credentials issued using this role.

## Attributes Reference

No additional attributes are exported by this resource.

## Import

The MongoDB Atlas secret role can be imported using the full path to the role
of the form: `<mount_path>/roles/<role_name>` e.g.

```
$ terraform import vault_mongodbatlas_secret_role.example mongodbatlas/roles/example-role
```
