---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_oci_auth_backend_config resource"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-resource-oci-auth-backend-config"
description: |-
  Configures the OCI (Oracle Cloud Infrastructure) Auth Backend in Vault.
---

# vault\_oci\_auth\_backend

Configures the OCI (Oracle Cloud Infrastructure) Auth Backend in Vault.

This resource sets the home tenancy id that Vault will use when making
API requests on behalf of an OCI Auth Backend.

For more information, see the
[Vault docs](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/api-docs/auth/oci#configure-home-tenancy-method).

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_oci_auth_backend" "example" {
  path            = vault_auth_backend.example.path
  home_tenancy_id = "ocid1.tenancy.oc1..aaaaaaaah7zkvaffv26pzyauoe2zbnionqvhvsexamplee557wakiofi4ysgqq"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `description` - (Optional) A description of the auth backend.

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace to provision the resource in.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](/docs/providers/vault#namespace).
   *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `home_tenancy_id` - (Required) The Tenancy OCID of your OCI account.

* `tune` - (Optional) Extra configuration block. Structure is documented below.

The `tune` block is used to tune the auth backend:

* `default_lease_ttl` - (Optional) Specifies the default time-to-live.
  If set, this overrides the global default.
  Must be a valid [duration string](https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration)

* `max_lease_ttl` - (Optional) Specifies the maximum time-to-live.
  If set, this overrides the global default.
  Must be a valid [duration string](https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration)

* `audit_non_hmac_response_keys` - (Optional) Specifies the list of keys that will
  not be HMAC'd by audit devices in the response data object.

* `audit_non_hmac_request_keys` - (Optional) Specifies the list of keys that will
  not be HMAC'd by audit devices in the request data object.

* `listing_visibility` - (Optional) Specifies whether to show this mount in
  the UI-specific listing endpoint. Valid values are "unauth" or "hidden".

* `passthrough_request_headers` - (Optional) List of headers to whitelist and
  pass from the request to the backend.

* `allowed_response_headers` - (Optional) List of headers to whitelist and allowing
  a plugin to include them in the response.

* `token_type` - (Optional) Specifies the type of tokens that should be returned by
  the mount. Valid values are "default-service", "default-batch", "service", "batch".


For more details on the usage of each argument, consult the [Vault OCI API documentation](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/api-docs/auth/oci#configure-home-tenancy-method).

## Attributes Reference

No additional attributes are exported by this resource.

## Import

OCI auth backends can be imported using the backend's `path`, e.g.

```
$ terraform import vault_oci_auth_backend.example oci
```
