---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_pki_secret_backend_root_cert resource"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-resource-pki-secret-backend-root-cert"
description: |-
  Generate root.
---

# vault\_pki\_secret\_backend\_root\_cert

Generates a new self-signed CA certificate and private keys for the PKI Secret Backend.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

~> **Important** Multi-Issuer Functionality is enabled on this version
of the Provider. If migrating from an older version of Vault or the Provider,
please refer to the [PKI Multi-Issuer Upgrade Guide](../guides/pki_multi_issuer_upgrade.html.markdown)

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_pki_secret_backend_root_cert" "test" {
  depends_on            = [vault_mount.pki]
  backend               = vault_mount.pki.path
  type                  = "internal"
  common_name           = "Root CA"
  ttl                   = "315360000"
  format                = "pem"
  private_key_format    = "der"
  key_type              = "rsa"
  key_bits              = 4096
  exclude_cn_from_sans  = true
  ou                    = "My OU"
  organization          = "My organization"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace to provision the resource in.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](/docs/providers/vault/index.html#namespace).
   *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `backend` - (Required) The PKI secret backend the resource belongs to.

* `type` - (Required) Type of intermediate to create. Must be either \"exported\", \"internal\"
  or \"kms\"

* `common_name` - (Required) CN of intermediate to create

* `alt_names` - (Optional) List of alternative names

* `ip_sans` - (Optional) List of alternative IPs

* `uri_sans` - (Optional) List of alternative URIs

* `other_sans` - (Optional) List of other SANs

* `ttl` - (Optional) Time to live

* `format` - (Optional) The format of data

* `private_key_format` - (Optional) The private key format

* `key_type` - (Optional) The desired key type

* `key_bits` - (Optional) The number of bits to use

* `signature_bits` - (Optional) The number of bits to use in the signature algorithm

* `max_path_length` - (Optional) The maximum path length to encode in the generated certificate

* `exclude_cn_from_sans` - (Optional) Flag to exclude CN from SANs

* `permitted_dns_domains` - (Optional) List of domains for which certificates are allowed to be issued

* `excluded_dns_domains` - (Optional) List of domains for which certificates are not allowed to be issued. Requires Vault version 1.19+.
 
* `permitted_ip_ranges` - (Optional)  List of IP ranges for which certificates are allowed to be issued. Requires Vault version 1.19+.

* `excluded_ip_ranges` - (Optional) List of IP ranges for which certificates are not allowed to be issued. Requires Vault version 1.19+.

* `permitted_email_addresses` - (Optional) List of email addresses for which certificates are allowed to be issued. Requires Vault version 1.19+.

* `excluded_email_addresses` - (Optional) List of email addresses for which certificates are not allowed to be issued. Requires Vault version 1.19+.

* `permitted_uri_domains` - (Optional) List of URI domains for which certificates are allowed to be issued. Requires Vault version 1.19+.

* `excluded_uri_domains` - (Optional) List of URI domains for which certificates are not allowed to be issued. Requires Vault version 1.19+.

* `ou` - (Optional) The organization unit

* `organization` - (Optional) The organization

* `country` - (Optional) The country

* `locality` - (Optional) The locality

* `province` - (Optional) The province

* `street_address` - (Optional) The street address

* `postal_code` - (Optional) The postal code

* `managed_key_name` - (Optional) The name of the previously configured managed key. This field is
 required if `type` is `kms`  and it conflicts with `managed_key_id`

* `managed_key_id` - (Optional) The ID of the previously configured managed key. This field is
  required if `type` is `kms` and it conflicts with `managed_key_name`

* `issuer_name` - (Optional) Provides a name to the specified issuer. The name must be unique
  across all issuers and not be the reserved value `default`

* `key_name` - (Optional) When a new key is created with this request, optionally specifies
  the name for this. The global ref `default` may not be used as a name.

* `key_ref` - (Optional) Specifies the key (either default, by name, or by identifier) to use
  for generating this request. Only suitable for `type=existing` requests.

* `not_before_duration` - (Optional) Specifies the duration by which to backdate the NotBefore property. Defaults to `30s`.

* `not_after` - (Optional) Set the Not After field of the certificate with specified date value. The value format should be given in UTC format YYYY-MM-ddTHH:MM:SSZ. Supports the Y10K end date for IEEE 802.1AR-2018 standard devices, 9999-12-31T23:59:59Z.

* `use_pss` - (Optional) When `true`, uses PSS (Probabilistic Signature Scheme) for RSA signatures instead of PKCS#1 v1.5. PSS provides enhanced security but may have compatibility issues with older systems. Only applicable to RSA keys; ignored for ECDSA/Ed25519 keys. Defaults to `false`. Requires Vault 1.18.0+.

* `key_usage` - (Optional) Specifies the allowed key usage constraints for the certificate. This list of key usages will be added to the existing set of key usages (`CRLSign`, `CertSign`) on the generated certificate. Defaults to `["CRLSign", "CertSign"]` for root CA certificates. Requires Vault 1.19.2+.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the fields above, the following attributes are exported:

* `certificate` - The certificate.

* `issuing_ca` - The issuing CA certificate.
 
* `serial_number` - The certificate's serial number, hex formatted.

* `issuer_id` - The ID of the generated issuer.

* `key_id` - The ID of the generated key.
