---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_pki_secret_backend_intermediate_cert_request resource"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-resource-pki-secret-backend-intermediate-cert-request"
description: |-
  Generate a new private key and a CSR for signing the PKI.
---

# vault\_pki\_secret\_backend\_intermediate\_cert\_request

Generates a new private key and a CSR for signing the PKI Secret Backend.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

~> **Important** Multi-Issuer Functionality is enabled on this version
of the Provider. If migrating from an older version of Vault or the Provider,
please refer to the [PKI Multi-Issuer Upgrade Guide](../guides/pki_multi_issuer_upgrade.html.markdown)

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_pki_secret_backend_intermediate_cert_request" "test" {
  depends_on  = [vault_mount.pki]
  backend     = vault_mount.pki.path
  type        = "internal"
  common_name = "app.my.domain"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace to provision the resource in.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](/docs/providers/vault/index.html#namespace).
   *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `backend` - (Required) The PKI secret backend the resource belongs to.

* `type` - (Required) Type of intermediate to create. Must be either \"exported\" or \"internal\"
  or \"kms\"

* `common_name` - (Required) CN of intermediate to create

* `alt_names` - (Optional) List of alternative names

* `ip_sans` - (Optional) List of alternative IPs

* `uri_sans` - (Optional) List of alternative URIs

* `other_sans` - (Optional) List of other SANs

* `format` - (Optional) The format of data

* `private_key_format` - (Optional) The private key format

* `key_type` - (Optional) The desired key type

* `key_bits` - (Optional) The number of bits to use

* `signature_bits` - (Optional) The number of bits to use in the signature algorithm

* `exclude_cn_from_sans` - (Optional) Flag to exclude CN from SANs

* `ou` - (Optional) The organization unit

* `organization` - (Optional) The organization

* `country` - (Optional) The country

* `locality` - (Optional) The locality

* `province` - (Optional) The province

* `street_address` - (Optional) The street address

* `postal_code` - (Optional) The postal code

* `serial_number` - (Optional) The requested Subject's named Serial Number

* `managed_key_name` - (Optional) The name of the previously configured managed key. This field is
  required if `type` is `kms`  and it conflicts with `managed_key_id`

* `managed_key_id` - (Optional) The ID of the previously configured managed key. This field is
  required if `type` is `kms` and it conflicts with `managed_key_name`

* `add_basic_constraints` - (Optional) Adds a Basic Constraints extension with 'CA: true'.
  Only needed as a workaround in some compatibility scenarios with Active Directory
  Certificate Services

* `key_usage` - (Optional) Specifies key_usage to encode in the generated certificate.

* `key_name` - (Optional) When a new key is created with this request, optionally specifies
  the name for this. The global ref `default` may not be used as a name.

* `key_ref` - (Optional) Specifies the key (either default, by name, or by identifier) to use
  for generating this request. Only suitable for `type=existing` requests.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the fields above, the following attributes are exported:

* `csr` - The CSR

* `private_key` - The private key

* `private_key_type` - The private key type

* `serial_number` - The serial number

* `key_id` - The ID of the generated key.
