---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_plugin resource"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-plugin"
description: |-
  Manage external plugins registered in the plugin catalog.
---

# vault\_plugin

Manages external plugins registered in the plugin catalog.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

For more information on managing external plugins, please refer to the Vault
[documentation](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/plugins).

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_plugin" "jwt" {
  type    = "auth"
  name    = "jwt"
  command = "vault-plugin-auth-jwt"
  version = "v0.17.0"
  sha256  = "6bd0a803ed742aa3ce35e4fa23d2c8d550e6c1567bf63410cec489c28b68b0fc"
  env     = [
    "HTTP_PROXY=http://proxy.example.com:8080"
  ]
}

resource "vault_auth_backend" "jwt_auth" {
  type = vault_plugin.jwt.name
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `type` - (Required) Type of plugin; one of "auth", "secret", or "database".

* `name` - (Required) Name of the plugin.

* `version` - (Optional) Semantic version of the plugin.

* `sha256` - (Required) SHA256 sum of the plugin binary.

* `command` - (Required) Command to execute the plugin, relative to the server's configured `plugin_directory`.

* `args` - (Optional) List of additional args to pass to the plugin.

* `env` - (Optional) List of additional environment variables to run the plugin with in KEY=VALUE form.

* `oci_image` - (Optional) Specifies OCI image to run. If specified, setting
  `command`, `args`, and `env` will update the container's entrypoint, args, and
  environment variables (append-only) respectively.

* `runtime` - (Optional) Vault plugin runtime to use if `oci_image` is specified.

## Attributes Reference

No additional attributes are exported by this resource.

## Import

Plugins can be imported using `:type/name/:name` or `:type/version/:version/name/:name` as the ID if the version is non-empty, e.g.

```
$ terraform import vault_plugin.jwt auth/name/jwt
```

```
$ terraform import vault_plugin.jwt auth/version/v0.17.0/name/jwt
```
