---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_quota_rate_limit resource"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-quota-rate-limit"
description: |-
  Manage Rate Limit Quota
---

# vault\_pki\_secret\_backend\_intermediate\_cert\_request

Generates a new private key and a CSR for signing the PKI Secret Backend.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_quota_rate_limit" "global" {
  name = "global"
  path = ""
  rate = 100
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the rate limit quota

* `path` - (Optional) Path of the mount or namespace to apply the quota. A blank path configures a
  global rate limit quota. For example `namespace1/` adds a quota to a full namespace,
  `namespace1/auth/userpass` adds a `quota` to `userpass` in `namespace1`.
  Updating this field on an existing quota can have "moving" effects. For example, updating
  `auth/userpass` to `namespace1/auth/userpass` moves this quota from being a global mount quota to
  a namespace specific mount quota. **Note, namespaces are supported in Enterprise only.**

* `rate` - (Required) The maximum number of requests at any given second to be allowed by the quota
  rule. The `rate` must be positive.

## Attributes Reference

No additional attributes are exported by this resource.

## Import

Rate limit quotas can be imported using their names

```
$ terraform import vault_quota_rate_limit.global global
```
