---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_secrets_sync_gcp_destination resource"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-resource-secrets-sync-gcp-destination"
description: |-
  Creates a GCP destination to synchronize secrets in Vault
---

# vault\_secrets\_sync\_gcp\_destination

Creates a GCP destination to synchronize secrets in Vault. Requires Vault 1.16+.
*Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

For more information on syncing secrets with GCP, please refer to the Vault
[documentation](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/sync/gcpsm).

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_secrets_sync_gcp_destination" "gcp" {
  name                 = "gcp-dest"
  project_id           = "gcp-project-id"
  credentials          = file(var.credentials_file)
  secret_name_template = "vault_{{ .MountAccessor | lowercase }}_{{ .SecretPath | lowercase }}"
  custom_tags          = {
    "foo" = "bar"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace to provision the resource in.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](/docs/providers/vault/index.html#namespace).

* `name` - (Required) Unique name of the GCP destination.

* `credentials` - (Optional) JSON-encoded credentials to use to connect to GCP.
  Can be omitted and directly provided to Vault using the `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` environment
  variable.

* `custom_tags` - (Optional) Custom tags to set on the secret managed at the destination.

* `secret_name_template` - (Optional) Template describing how to generate external secret names.
  Supports a subset of the Go Template syntax.

* `granularity` - (Optional) Determines what level of information is synced as a distinct resource
  at the destination. Supports `secret-path` and `secret-key`.

* `project_id` - (Optional) The target project to manage secrets in. If set,
  overrides the project ID derived from the service account JSON credentials or application
  default credentials. The service account must be [authorized](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-account-overview#locations)
  to perform Secret Manager actions in the target project.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the above:

* `type` - The type of the secrets destination (`gcp-sm`).

## Import

GCP Secrets sync destinations can be imported using the `name`, e.g.

```
$ terraform import vault_secrets_sync_gcp_destination.gcp gcp-dest
```
