---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_secrets_sync_github_apps_destination resource"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-resource-secrets-sync-github-apps-destination"
description: |-
Creates a GitHub App to synchronize secrets in Vault
---

# vault\_secrets\_sync\_github\_apps\_destination

Creates a GitHub App to synchronize secrets in Vault. Requires Vault 1.16+.
*Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

For more information on syncing secrets with GitHub, please refer to the Vault
[documentation](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/sync/github).

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_secrets_sync_github_apps_destination" "github-apps" {
  name                 = "gh-apps-dest"
  app_id               = var.app_id
  private_key          = file(var.privatekey_file)
  secret_name_template = "vault_{{ .MountAccessor | lowercase }}_{{ .SecretPath | lowercase }}"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace to provision the resource in.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](/docs/providers/vault#namespace).

* `name` - (Required) Unique name of the GitHub destination.

* `app_id` - (Required) The ID of the GitHub app the user created on GitHub. Can be modified.
  Can be omitted and directly provided to Vault using the `GITHUB_APPS_PRIVATE_KEY` environment
  variable.

* `repository_owner` - (Optional) The content of a PEM formatted private key generated on GitHub for the app. 
  If provided inline, the line feeds must be properly encoded.
  Can be omitted and directly provided to Vault using the `GITHUB_APPS_ID` environment
  variable.

* `secret_name_template` - (Optional) Template describing how to generate external secret names.
  Supports a subset of the Go Template syntax.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the above:

* `type` - The type of the secrets destination (`github-apps`).

## Import

GitHub Secrets sync destinations can be imported using the `name`, e.g.

```
$ terraform import vault_secrets_sync_github_apps_destination.gh github-apps-dest
```
