---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_terraform_cloud_secret_backend resource"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-resource-terraform-cloud-secret-backend"
description: |-
  Creates a Terraform Cloud secret backend for Vault.
---

# vault\_terraform\_cloud\_secret\_backend

Creates a Terraform Cloud Secret Backend for Vault. Terraform Cloud secret backends
can then create Terraform Cloud tokens, once a role with the appropriate creds
has been added to the backend.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_terraform_cloud_secret_backend" "test" {
  backend     = "terraform"
  description = "Manages the Terraform Cloud backend"
  token       = "V0idfhi2iksSDU234ucdbi2nidsi..."
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace to provision the resource in.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](../index.html#namespace).
   *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `token` - (Optional) The Terraform Cloud management token this backend should 
  use to issue new tokens.

* `token_wo` - (Optional) The Terraform Cloud management token this backend should 
  use to issue new tokens. **Note**: This property is write-only and will not be read from the API.

* `token_wo_version` - (Optional) The version of the `token_wo`. For more info see [updating write-only attributes](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/vault/latest/docs/guides/using_write_only_attributes.html#updating-write-only-attributes).

~> **Important** Because Vault does not support reading the configured
token back from the API, Terraform cannot detect and correct drift
on `token`. Changing the value, however, _will_ overwrite the previously stored values.

* `address` - (Optional) The address of the Terraform Cloud server, if using
  Terraform Enterprise, provided as `"protocol://host:port"`. The default is
  `https://app.terraform.io` for Terraform Cloud.

* `backend` - (Optional) The unique location this backend should be mounted at. Must not begin or end with a `/`. Defaults to `terraform`.

* `disable_remount` - (Optional) If set, opts out of mount migration on path updates.
  See here for more info on [Mount Migration](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/concepts/mount-migration)

### Common Mount Arguments
These arguments are common across all resources that mount a secret engine.

* `description` - (Optional) Human-friendly description of the mount

* `default_lease_ttl_seconds` - (Optional) Default lease duration for tokens and secrets in seconds

* `max_lease_ttl_seconds` - (Optional) Maximum possible lease duration for tokens and secrets in seconds

* `audit_non_hmac_response_keys` - (Optional) Specifies the list of keys that will not be HMAC'd by audit devices in the response data object.

* `audit_non_hmac_request_keys` - (Optional) Specifies the list of keys that will not be HMAC'd by audit devices in the request data object.

* `local` - (Optional) Boolean flag that can be explicitly set to true to enforce local mount in HA environment

* `options` - (Optional) Specifies mount type specific options that are passed to the backend

* `seal_wrap` - (Optional) Boolean flag that can be explicitly set to true to enable seal wrapping for the mount, causing values stored by the mount to be wrapped by the seal's encryption capability

* `external_entropy_access` - (Optional) Boolean flag that can be explicitly set to true to enable the secrets engine to access Vault's external entropy source

* `allowed_managed_keys` - (Optional) Set of managed key registry entry names that the mount in question is allowed to access

* `listing_visibility` - (Optional) Specifies whether to show this mount in the UI-specific
  listing endpoint. Valid values are `unauth` or `hidden`. If not set, behaves like `hidden`.

* `passthrough_request_headers` - (Optional) List of headers to allow and pass from the request to
  the plugin.

* `allowed_response_headers` - (Optional) List of headers to allow, allowing a plugin to include
  them in the response.

* `delegated_auth_accessors` - (Optional)  List of allowed authentication mount accessors the
  backend can request delegated authentication for.

* `plugin_version` - (Optional) Specifies the semantic version of the plugin to use, e.g. "v1.0.0".
  If unspecified, the server will select any matching unversioned plugin that may have been
  registered, the latest versioned plugin registered, or a built-in plugin in that order of precedence.

* `identity_token_key` - (Optional)  The key to use for signing plugin workload identity tokens. If
  not provided, this will default to Vault's OIDC default key. Requires Vault Enterprise 1.16+.

## Attributes Reference

No additional attributes are exported by this resource.

## Import

Terraform Cloud secret backends can be imported using the `backend`, e.g.

```
$ terraform import vault_terraform_cloud_secret_backend.example terraform
```
