---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_token_auth_backend_token resource"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-resource-token-auth-backend-token"
description: |-
  Creates Vault tokens in the token auth backend.
---

# vault\_token\_auth\_backend\_token

Creates Vault tokens in the token auth backend.

~> **Important** All data provided in the resource configuration will be
written in cleartext to state and plan files generated by Terraform, and
will appear in the console output when Terraform runs. Protect these
artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details. The `wrap` field can be set to true to avoid
embedding tokens in your state file, but know that will disable
Terraform's ability to notice a diff.


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_token_auth_backend_token" "example" {
  display_name = "example name"
  policies = ["example-policy"]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `display_name` -  (Optional) String. Display name to associate
with the token. Will be munged in state to be only alphanumeric and
hyphens, and prefixed with `token-`, just as the Vault server does it.

* `policies` - (Optional) A list of strings containing policies to
apply to token. Unlike the usual Vault API clients, this _does not_
default to the `default` policy if it is unset; it defaults to no policies.

* `meta` - (Optional) A map of string to string valued metadata. This
is passed to the audit backends.

* `role` - (Optional) String. Role to apply to token.

* `ttl_seconds` - (Optional) Int. TTL of Vault token in seconds.

* `explicit_max_ttl_seconds` - (Optional) Int. Maximum TTL of Vault token.
in seconds.

* `renewable` - (Optional) True/False. Make token renewable.
Defaults to true.

* `period_seconds` - (Optional) Int. The TTL of the token after each renewal,
in seconds.

* `wrap` - (Optional) True/False. Create wrapped Vault token.

* `wrap_ttl` - (Optional) Int. TTL for wrapped token in seconds.

* `num_uses` - (Optional) Int. The maximum number of uses for the token.

## Attributes Reference

* `token` - Vault token that has been created, if wrapped, this will
be the wrapping token.

* `accessor` - Returned Vault token accessor. If wrapped, this will
be the accessor of the wrapped token.
